# RubyKaigi Anti Harrasment Policy

RubyKaigi is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference
experience for everyone. We do not tolerate harassment of conference
participants in any form. Conference participants violating these
rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference at the
discretion of the conference organizers.

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender,
gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability,
physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual images in
public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing
photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other
events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual
attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are
expected to comply immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference
organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including
warning the offender or expulsion from the conference with no
refund. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being
harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of
conference staff immediately.  Conference staff can be identified by
Their name tags.

Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact
hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or
otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the
duration of the conference. We value your attendance.
